Updating packer instructions (#234)
canonical/ubuntu-cloud-docs: aws/aws-how-to/instances/build-pro-ami-using-packer.rst

   * For **Ubuntu Pro FIPS**, it is better to use a pre-enabled FIPS image from the Marketplace to avoid unnecessary additional steps. 
   * For **Ubuntu LTS**, you can use this method with a small change as explained at the end of the :ref:`define-provisioners` section below. 

>    * For **Ubuntu 22.04 LTS and above** you need packer version 1.8.1 or newer.

Reviewer: later, you write `1.7.1` is required. which version is it?

Author: Good catch! it is 1.8.1. Let me update the docs.

>    * For **Ubuntu 22.04 LTS and above** you need packer version 1.8.1 or newer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * For **Ubuntu 22.04 and above** you need Packer version 1.8.1 or newer.
```

   sudo apt install packer

.. note::

>    * For building images based on Ubuntu 22.04 and later, you need packer v1.8.1 or newer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * For building images based on Ubuntu 22.04 and later, you need Packer version 1.8.1 or newer.
```

   * The version of Packer present in the Ubuntu archives on Ubuntu 22.04 LTS is v1.6.6. 

>    * Packer is no longer available in the Ubuntu repositories on Ubuntu 24.04 LTS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Packer is no longer available in the Ubuntu repositories from Ubuntu 24.04 onwards.
```
